What is greater than God, more evil than the devil, the poor have it, the rich need it, and if you eat it, you'll die? 
Who makes it, has no need of it. Who buys it, has no use for it. Who uses it can neither see nor feel it. What is it? 
What can travel around the world while staying in a corner? 
What has an eye but can not see?
what is the coolest time of year?
What tastes better than it smells?
What two things can you never eat for breakfast?
What asks but never answers?
rita's father's name is raghu. raghu is the ________ of rita's father.
Imagine you are in a dark room. How do you get out?
Who makes it, but has no need of it. Who buys it, but has no use for it. Who uses it but can neither see nor feel it. What is it?
You answer me, but I never ask you a question. What am I?
What can travel around the world while staying in a corner?
Johnny’s mother had three children. The first was named April and the second was named May. What was the name of the third child?
Some months have 30 days, and some months have 31 days. How many have 28?
What occurs once in every minute, twice in every moment, but never in a thousand years?
If there are three apples and you take two away, how many apples do you have?
What has no beginning, end, or middle?
There is a word and six letters it contains. Take one away and twelve is what remains. What word is it?
If you have me, you want to share me. But if you share me, you no longer have me. What am I?
At night they come without being fetched. By day they are lost without being stolen. What are they?
What is so delicate that even saying its name will break it?
You throw away the outside and cook the inside. Then you eat the outside and throw away the inside. What did you eat?
What word in the English Language is always spelled incorrectly?
What goes up a chimney down but can’t come down a chimney up?
What grows when it eats, but dies when it drinks?
The more it dries, the wetter it gets. What is it?
What do you call an Amish guy with his hand in a horse’s mouth?
You have been given the task of transporting 3,000 apples 1,000 miles from Appleland to Bananaville. Your truck can carry 1,000 apples at a time. Every time you travel a mile towards Bananaville you must pay a tax of 1 apple but you pay nothing when going in the other direction (towards Appleland)                                                    What is highest number of apples you can get to Bananaville?
When my first is a task to a young girl of spirit, And my second confines her to finish the piece, How hard is her fate! But how great is her merit. If by taking my whole she effects her release!